we went from a soft Landing to a no
Landing scenario but some are saying
hard Landing what's it going to be you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video we are
going to talk about just that I'm going
to show you some of the stats which make
a lot of sense when we break them down
I'm going to do that really quickly for
you here let's begin no time to waste a
hard Landing recession is guaranteed
that's a big word right there as the
full impact the Fed rate hikes have yet
to hit the economy according to Moran
Stanley's Chief Economist that is true
that they haven't fully taken effect it
takes a long time like the effects of
2020 all that stimulus buying the
mortgage back Securities all that stuff
it's still going on today okay so things
really take a long time to come through
especially when you have like
disturbances in one country a lot of
money could start flowing out of there
it could create liquidity in another
Place usually the US gets the benefit
from any chaos going on elsewhere that's
just the way it is okay it's really uh a
benefactor of all this a hard Landing
recession is certain to come for the
economy and rates are to blame even as
the markets start positioning for the
FED to loosen monetary policy this
year so essentially just saying that
they'll you avoid a recession this year
here oh yeah that's right the hard
Landing is unavoidable
hm we will have a hard landing at some
point I guarantee you that we're all
wondering when does it come the point
that diamond makes is that uh there are
sorry I misspoke as I believe she's
referring to Jamie demon makes is that
there are these cumulative impacts that
build over time and we are in the camp
that we haven't seen all of the Titan
impacts of monetary policy but so what
I've made the claim about this before is
that yes there are structural problems
caused by increasing interest rates I
warned about this in my book my first
book talked about the fact that when you
increase interest rates you have a lot
of problems and yes what we're seeing
with the banking crisis going on right
now today is one very good example of
that that's what I warned about
literally over one decade ago saying hey
when you got that you get financial
crisis that's where we're at the the
problem here is that what they try to do
and what they certainly could do is
print their way out of it now it's very
painful it's devastating to devalue a
currency in the this way because they
printed so much money in 2020 that they
really can't just get away with printing
more currency without it being very
painful rapidly and then have long
lasting effects afterwards so you have a
deflation you have a crisis you have
some sort of event that occurs they come
in quote unquote solve the crisis but
it's going to be so painful in the end
because people are like hey uh that uh
McDonald's meal used to be $14 those
were the good old days right oh yeah
it's going to be brutal so you've got
birkshire Hathaway at this time sitting
on a pile of cash so big
massive absolutely massive all right and
it's over6 billion
worth so you have to think what's the
point of this what's this guy worried
about is he worried that there's going
to be a recession suddenly the
valuations of these stocks drop then
he's going to come in and save the day
just like he did with Bank of America
just like he did buying like Geico for
like literally 97% off
off uh that's what he does and he does
it very well because he knows what's
going on and he gets the sweetheart
deals that you and I don't get but what
does it mean when he's sitting there on
that much
catch well we've got the so-called
Buffet
indicator uh it's a little bit
ridiculous so we take the broad Market
that's the Willshire
5,000 and then we put that over top of
the US GDP the economy so the stock
market over the economy and other than
the point remember why 2020 was higher
because the GDP was down so
significantly it's not just about prices
but in general this has been getting
worse and worse and worse and worse over
the last several years okay we are
hitting into more and more and more
extremes and what happens here is that
um when we have an inevitable crisis it
becomes so painful so painful so this is
not a reason to go run for the hills you
don't have to go and hide in Mark
Zuckerberg's bunker but what it does
mean is that we need to hedge our bets
and position ourselves
appropriately that's what it means I'm
not one of those people even though I
get accused of it all the time I'm not
one of those people that says go hide
you know in international waters and
wait for some event I'm just saying
position yourself appropriately that's
always wise to do you got a guy like
waren Buffett who's an Insider and the
guy sitting on $167 billion or whatever
it is of uh cash or cash equivalent is
really what it is so he'd rather sit in
treasuries than buy some stock he could
buy almost any company and he's not
Warren Buffett says the stock market is
increasingly Casino like and young
investors need to remember this one fact
of financial life to avoid this mess and
you know the long story short here is
basically saying that You' got to be
prudent you got to be wise don't take
extreme bets don't use all this leverage
this fancy stuff because The House
Always Wins that's what he's saying or
who like who's the biggest winner here
it's the house so all these fees the
transaction fees and every other fee
associated with you know the the mutual
fund holders or even you know the ETFs
and all that they are the ones which
benefit the most usually because people
are trading too much people don't know
what they're doing they're trying
options they're losing like crazy if you
bought an options course from one of
these YouTubers the chances are over a
long period of time you're going to be
slaughtered okay and the reason is
because the house is going to win the
house is going to win that's the way it
works and so the buffet strategy
by the way what he said I believe he
told his wife he says Hey when it's my
time to go take everything and put in
like personal funds and put it all into
the S&P 500 ETF because chances are
nobody's going to be able to beat that
or the chances of you doing that is is
unlikely so like that's what he's saying
this is Buffett so that's what people
should be doing to park their money over
a longer period of time but trying to do
all these
stock picking and things if you're not
willing to really pay attention to it uh
it's very difficult it's very difficult
not that you can't do it it's very
difficult okay especially when you start
managing very large amounts of money the
the challenge is is much greater
actually it's not easier China's oil
demand growth could half from pre-2020
levels is property and auto sector
struggle essentially just saying that
look if there's a recession if demand is
lower oil is going to
um take a beating as a result of this so
I'm wondering what's going to happen
here do they cut output or are they
going to let prices fall we're going to
see I'm going to watch what OPEC does
I'm going to watch what Saudi Arabia
says and that will be an indication of
what's going to happen with oil prices
maybe $150 a barrels not in the cards H
keep an eye on that and then we have a
little bit of humor economic Boost from
Taylor Swift's era tour could be
overstated very funny talking about
Taylor Taylor Taylor Swift all over the
place I know my subscribers love their
Tay Tay and here we have it maybe it was
a little overstated that she was going
to save the economy that's right could
she do it I don't know I really don't
know but it's all in good fun if you
want the latest and greatest information
not only do you got to come back to the
channel each and every day I cover this
stuff for two hours every Friday and
then two hours I get into the business
aspect how do you get around inflation
and the inevitable devaluation of your
currency you've got to learn how to
build a business I teach specifically
online business and then we Branch off
from there two hours every single Sunday
believe me everybody in the group says
that the value of this far exceeds what
is being charged the link is in the
description I hope to see you there if
you can't make a live at those times I
give the recordings to the people so
don't worry about the timing but I hope
that you'll be able to join me live each
and every week as we do this and don't
forget to hit that thumbs up button on
the way out I want to thank you for
being here and I'll see you tomorrow
take care